DOCU-2191 Secrets Management (#3679)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.8.x/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends-overview.md

---
title: Supported Vault Backends
beta: true
---

> {:.warning}
> > **Beta warning:** Secrets rotation is currently not supported in this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets rotation is not supported for the beta version.
```

Since this page is tagged as beta, this is happening now:

![Screen Shot 2022-02-22 at 11 08 57 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54370747/155201800-5a7bee70-c95b-42c5-a9d7-9aa10725bf75.png)

---
title: Supported Vault Backends
beta: true
---

{:.warning}

> > **Beta warning:**
> > <br>
> > Secrets Rotation is currently not supported in this version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Beta warning:** Secrets rotation is currently not supported in this version.
```
```suggestion
> **Beta warning:**
> <br>
> Secrets Rotation is currently not supported in this version.
```

> The following Vault implementations are supported:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this requires more explanation on how the Vaults behave similarly to plugins and that more can be added to system, and they need to implement interface X.

Author: Since this feature is in a beta state and a lot of things can change, I think we shouldn't encourage people _yet_ to build their own plugins atop a potentially breaking API. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Can you add more information to this overview about supported Vault backends, and an explanation for GET, SET and Rotation Support. This page is very vague, even if in beta state. Thx.

> |                  | [AWS SecretsManager](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/aws-sm) | [Hashicorp Vault](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/hashicorp-vault) | [Environment Variable](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/env) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|                  | [AWS Secrets Manager](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/aws-sm) | [Hashicorp Vault](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/hashicorp-vault) | [Environment Variables](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/security/secrets-management/backends/env) |
```

I would also switch the `Get`/`Set`/`Tier` to top, because is is more likely that new vaults are added, and then it makes it easier to expand the table vertically rather than horizontally.
